
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into microservices, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed
Leveraged AWS cloud services such as EC2; auto-scaling
Strong knowledge of the HTTP protocol and ability to understand decipher the HTTP conversation
Drove releases, automated release process.
Perform training, design and knowledge transfer sessions.
Experienced on Load Balancing, Controlling Flow of Traffic by using AWS ELB, ALB, NLB.
Administer and Maintain Source Code Repositories including GIT, Bit bucket.
Working knowledge of AWS IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS and coming trends in the Cloud space
Experienced on migrating current  applications from an on prem environment to an AWS.
Monitored developed applications and fixed bugs thru ELK and New Relic
Deployed Docker Services into cloud and on-prem environments.
Extremely knowledgeable about CI/CIT/CID integration.
Streamlined applications delivery to get applications out to customers faster.
Redesigned and redeployed the Nagios implementation. Nodes automatically added/removed via Ansible.
Setup NFS, Samba and FTP File sharing, on Linux and Windows servers.
Participated in  implementation, and growth of our infrastructure on Amazon Web Services
Drove strategy for migrating from Github to Bitbucket, including branching, merging, and tagging
Experienced architecting and supporting highly available and highly scalable infrastructure
Containerized applications using Docker on cloud agnostic environment
Developed hybrid cloud delivery model allowing for customers to choose the mix of AWS  and on-premise servers  to meet their individual needs.
Focused on automation and integration.
Maintain build profiles in Team Foundation Server and Jenkins for CI/CD pipeline
Automated build and deployment process with Jenkins , eliminating 80% of manual work
Deployed the java application into web application servers like Apache, Tomcat.
Actively manage, improve, and monitor cloud infrastructure on AWS, EC2, S3, and RDS, including backups
AWS provisioning via AWS CLI/API - this includes defining VPCs, ECS clusters, Auto-Scaling Policies/Groups, and Security Group
Created Dockerfiles, built Docker images for microservices to run on Kubernetes platform.
Collaborated with VMware updates management to install & troubleshoot patches and updates on ESX hosts and virtual machines.
Assisted and maintained an automation and monitoring framework
Experienced in Implementing DevOps Automation process for Infrastructure set up, RDS DB Setup
Knowledge in building distributed,
Developed Linux/UNIX scripts to accomplish redundant tasks to simplify in distributed administration.
Designed and developed continuous deployment pipeline, integrating Terraform, Vagrant, Git , Jenkins and Ansible  across geographically separated hosting zones in AWS
Built maintained Docker container by using Jenkins Pipeline.

Built and orchestrated environments for development team based on their needs
Create and maintain fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins
Wrote and tested Ansible playbooks to configure and perform tasks on remote nodes
Developed continuous delivery pipeline in Cloud Environments.
Built a new CI pipeline. Testing and deployment automation with Docker, Jenkins
Used Ansible and Terraform for creating subnets, security groups, route tables and ACL's
Managed configured Splunk dashboards and configurations Collaborate with Engineering.
Support equipment delivery processes and equipment configuration as required
Implemented and managed continuous code build and deployment with Go and other tools
Good implementation experience with installation and configuration of Kubernetes cluster by using Kops
Maintained SVN repositories for DevOps environment: automation code and configuration
Experienced in Ansible automation including writing playbooks for  development environments
Designed and implemented scalable and secure Cloud Architecture on AWS
Created and updated AWS AMI Images Using Packer.
Migrate existing databases from on premise to AWS using various tools including
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into microservices,
Automating the infrastructure deployment for different stages like Dev/Stage/Prod
Troubleshoot alerts relating to application failures and devices being unreachable
Passionate about new knowledge and innovation.
Good Experience on AWS, Google Cloud and OpenShift platform in managing Docker containers in Kubernetes
Ability to grasp technical concepts quickly and apply that knowledge to DevOps efforts within the team
Managed IAAC through AWS Cloudformation and Terraform.
Worked within the Cloud for integration processes.
Develop of tools and frameworks to improve security, reliability, maintainability, availability and performance for the technology foundation of our platform
Assist with the development of business processes and systems to establish and measure Key Performance Indicators (KPI) which will be used in customer Service Level Agreements
Reduced deployment time for critical agile project infrastructure from months to 2 days
Experienced with deployment and orchestration technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes,
Built and maintained kubernetes on AWS using kops and terraform
Excellent configuration management using Ansible Tower and Ansible
Managed and configured launched Amazon EC2 instances with respect to specific applications.
Worked with and evaluated third party vendor products
Responsible for planning and scheduling the QA, Stage, Prod deployments, preparing the release schedule and communicating across different teams.
Developed and maintained CI/CD pipelines for code deployment.
Automated operations and development tasks with jenkins and travisCI.
Leveraged VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) to build secure, highly scalable and flexible systems that handle expected and unexpected load bursts
Configured ELK/Redis/Filebeat  on kubernetes to manage logs of applications
Experienced in AWS PaaS services (Kinesis, Lambda, RDS etc.) and deployment tools.
Built and maintained our continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) environments
Deploying Docker Container by using HELM CHARTS into Kubernetes Clusters.
Configured the Ansible playbooks with Ansible Tower  for users to run
Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment into Kubernetes Deployment
Experienced on AWS EC2 Instances creation, setting up VPC, launching EC2 instances on private and public subnets based on the requirements for each of the applications.
Managed kubernetes  on Google Cloud Platform and EKS
Used jenkins for improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed
Created Ansible playbooks to automatically install packages from a repository, to change the configuration of remotely configured machines and to deploy new builds.
Created and managed a Docker deployment pipeline for custom application images
Systems would include a Network Management System (NMS), Trouble Ticket System (TTS)
Managed GitHub repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging
Experienced in development and configuration of software provisioning tools like Ansible Tower, Docker
Troubleshoot exporting data to secure client connections to avoid manual workarounds                                      
Automated infrastructure and deployments with Ansible, Terraform, Jenkins.
Developed and promoted SOP and creating processes and tooling for operation efficiency.
Expertise in writing Puppet's DML (Declarative Modeling Language) scripts and helped declare and the documented each system's state for future references.
Built design and training documentation required for projects.
Implemented CI/CD process using Jenkins for global development team, allowing for dozens of code updates
Organize weekly release meetings with multiple development teams to identify the releases ahead and bring awareness on milestones as per release calendar.
Installed and configured Nagios to constantly monitor network bandwidth, memory usage
Managed Kubernetes cluster and Docker server.
Using Ansible playbooks for environment bootstrap with CIS/AWS/OpenStack.
Utilized customized base image to build docker images for each service.
Created and managed VM’s using KVM and maintained VMware ESX servers
Designed, rolled out, and managed 5,000+ hosts with Ansible  and Ansible Tower
Managed systems and projects with little direction
Establishing and running the processes for on-going maintenance monitoring support and security patching
Experienced with deployment and automation engineer, performance analyst, service architect
Working on AWS ASG providing high availability of applications and EC2 instances based on the load
Ruled consul integration project on kubernetes with terraform.
Deployed Ansible Tower for automation on AWS infrastructure
Deploy code across multiple servers effortlessly with ansible and OpsWorks
Experience in troubleshooting application level issues to perform root cause analysis.
Executed standard system administration tasks, such as patching, software and hardware upgrades, troubleshooting and problem resolution.
Created and deployed Kubernetes clusters on different cloud providers.
Completed load balancing and proxying of systems servers and components.
Orchestrated container cluster with Docker Swarm and Kubernetes.
Implemented and managed infrastructure as code through Chef and other automation tools
Deployment and orchestration of Docker containers on a cloud platform.
Managed and monitored Silver Spring’s global network of devices to maximum uptime
Migrated Liferay applications to Docker Swarm utilizing AWS, Azure, GCE
Utilized jenkins to automate the build process of the docker images
Provisioned AWS services using AWS CLI/API, defining EC2, S3, VPCs, ECS, Auto-Scaling Policies/Groups, Security Groups and Route53.
Engaged and worked with another team on Database / Application Refresh based on software life cycles.
Performed dispatcher role to distribute tasks assigned to the onshore team.
In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of SCM
Built and Managed  AWS infrastructure As A Code with terraform.
Automated operations and development tasks with CI/CD
Wrote Puppet manifests and modules to deploy, configure, and manage servers
Automated deployments for 200+ cloud servers using Terraform  and Ansible
Deployed thycotic server for secure/encrypted password management across the company
Used Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance docker containers with multiple name spaced versions.
Automated build and deployment using Jenkins to reduce human error and speed up production processes
Created Continuous Build Process using Jenkins as Continuous integration tool
Implemented Docker based micro-service Deployments by using Helm Charts into Kubernetes Cluster.
Reduced costs of each month by eliminating unnecessary servers and consolidating databases
Experienced in deploying Docker containers and creating Docker images using Ansible.
Ability to work at a high level of professionalism and quality with customers
Implemented and designed AWS instances by Ansible roles to ensure deployment of web applications.
Serving as a hands-on subject matter expert for DevOps and Automation in an AWS
Automated build to reduce human error and speed up production.
Containerized most of the company applications to intercloud environment
Developedcontinuous delivery pipeline in cloud environment,
Worked with Software Engineers to incorporate process and programming improvements into software development practices.
Demonstrated how Ansible along with Ansible Tower can be used to automate different software development processes all over the organization.
Configured continuous integration (CI) and full end to end automation using Jenkins
Focused on automation integration monitoring and configuration management.
Designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services.
Automated application deployment in the cloud using Docker technology using ECS  scheduler.
Upgraded kubernetes Dev/QA/Prod environment to newer version using kops
Experience working with S3, DynamoDB, Lambda, API Gateway, IAM, and other core AWS technologies.

